SuperMegaFunTime
================

### Never be somewhere socially irrelevent... ever.

Project to set up the back-end database for the SuperMegaFunTime app.



-------

###Project Overview:

One list, called the global reg list, is a list of events generated by Regular Users. Regular Users can “create” events. Regular Users can view the list and share events to their social groups. Regular Users have a unique UserName and a password.

A Social Group is a group of Regular Users, created by one Regular User, which is made up of other Regular Users. It is lead by a specially allocated Regular User.

Events have a title, pitch, description, location, picture, date, down values, up values, and social relevance value. Events are viewable on the global lists and the social group. 

This release of the program implements the structure of the database tables and their relational mapping. A simple user interface is provided to allow a user to log in as one of the registered users and view the information in the tables. Creation of new table data will be implemented in version 2.0. 

-------

###Compilation instructions:

1. Download TypeSafe Activator  
https://typesafe.com/platform/getstarted
2. Run Typesafe activator and create a new HelloSlick project template
3. copy our smft.scala and tables.scala into the src folder of the new HelloSlick project.  
(located under SuperMegaFunTime/src/main/scala)
4. select "Code View and open in IDE"
5. open the square-shaped options menu and select "Open project in Eclipse"
6. follow Typesafe's instructions for importing the project into Eclipse.
7. run smft.scala in Eclipse

*you should have the scala plugin installed in Eclipse

-enjoy!
